Add discussion of example in results (#32)
greenelab/xswap-manuscript: content/02.body.md

If degree is a desired feature, then the edge prior can be treated like a Bayesian prior probability.
Alternatively, if degree is not a desired feature, then the edge prior can be used to calibrate features and thus potentially enhance predictive specificity.

Figure {@fig:feature-auroc} illustrates the utility of the edge prior and permutation framework for two purposes.
First, it contextualizes feature performances relative to the baseline of nonspecific, degree-based predictions, quantified by the edge prior.
Degree has varying utility for different edge prediction tasks.
The edge prior's performance on a task quantifies the utility of degree toward the task.
This comparison is useful because specific predictions (based on more than degree alone) are more valuable for some applications than nonspecific ones and because degree can be an expression of bias in many real-world networks.

> Second, Figure {@fig:feature-auroc} visualizes a comparison of five edge prediction features computed on and unpermuted networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Second, Figure {@fig:feature-auroc} compares five edge prediction features computed on and unpermuted networks.
```

This comparison identified the fraction of each feature's performance attributable to degree.

> Some features, such as the preferential attachment index, pick up perfectly and exclusively on degree.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preferential attachment index matches the degree and had identical performance regardless of the training network.
```

> In the comparison, this feature had identical performance regardless of the train network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Conversely, we can see that the Adamic/Adar index picked up almost perfectly on degree because its performances from permuted networks are nearly at the performance of the edge prior.

Reviewer: Wait - why is this conversely if it's also matching degree?

> Moreover, the Adamic/Adar index had much higher performance when computed on the unpermuted network, indicating that it also picks up on higher-order information in addition to degree.

Reviewer: I think what you want to say is: "this other thing got degree, but also other stuff n' things.

> Such analysis allows specific features to be evaluated for a specific prediction task in terms of reliance on degree and performance beyond the degree-based, nonspecific baseline.

Reviewer: This should probably be about what xswap does 😁 , which I think is this.

Alternatively, if degree is not a desired feature, then the edge prior can be used to calibrate features and thus potentially enhance predictive specificity.

Figure {@fig:feature-auroc} illustrates the utility of the edge prior and permutation framework for two purposes.
First, it contextualizes feature performances relative to the baseline of nonspecific, degree-based predictions, quantified by the edge prior.
Degree has varying utility for different edge prediction tasks.
The edge prior's performance on a task quantifies the utility of degree toward the task.
This comparison is useful because specific predictions (based on more than degree alone) are more valuable for some applications than nonspecific ones and because degree can be an expression of bias in many real-world networks.

Second, Figure {@fig:feature-auroc} compares five edge prediction features computed on and unpermuted networks.
This comparison identified the fraction of each feature's performance attributable to degree.
Some features, such as the preferential attachment index, perfectly and exclusively capture degree.

> In the comparison, this feature had identical performance regardless of the train network.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the comparison, this feature had identical performance regardless of the network used for training.
```
